hey guys what's up
this is nine times roomies and down in
this video I'm going to be showing you a
HTC Wildfire running a SI m dot
cyanogenmod seven nightly and also i'm
going to give a link in the description
to the photo tutorial in which you can
use to root your device and if you all
know since the update to 2.2 froyo and
the wildfire there has been a kind of
security which are HTC put and that
security has been a pain in the neck
well i'm also going to leave a link on
how to break that security and remember
it's at your own risk so i have no
responsibility for this okay but in this
video i'm going to show you how
cyanogenmod nightly cyanogenmod 790 runs
on the HTC wildfire and yeah just to
sister you can see it runs pretty
smoothly and
this is overclocked to 768 megan is and
you can also do that with the wrong you
don't need to download any extra
software for that if you go to the
settings here just signage in mode you
can basically do some settings you wish
to do and performance char risk running
then you can set up your and overclock
your processor and also this is android
2.3 sorry i forgot to say that it's an
android 2.3 cyanogenmod seven nightly
you can also change the theme i'm just
going to go to the application because i
don't want to change anything now and
then to understand so this is the team
i'm using you can change these you can
change to this depending on your
interest and yeah you can still
customize you opened do what you want
with it and it runs very fast let's
check out the camera the camera walks
the 3g walks the bluetooth walks
everything works so just gonna slap
something over here
be i'm just gonna start my phone my ipod
touch
yeah terrible camera as usual HTC One
why but yeah it works
um just gonna do reduce
and yeah you can see my wallpaper what's
wrong or went wrong over there I don't
know
great my OB / crashed well um what else
can I check you a hug but the other
problem is when you flash this room
you're not going to get google maps I
had to search for that so yeah you have
to do that and everything works just
fine the 3g works and what else can i
show you guys okay I'm just gonna
actually how the notification bar looks
like
pretty nice huh
and yeah you can add widgets 7 screen
yeah so that's pretty it
and it's really fast this mode is fast
before i overclocked my presence so it
was quite fast so yeah you will only
know the speed difference when you open
applications that's all because of
course applications depend on the
processor yeah so I'm just going to
brunch with the stock apps it comes with
it comes with a calculator calendar
camera car home clock contacts cross
downloads DSP manager file manager the
gallery the gmail FM radio google search
latitude yeah the maps you have to find
that on the internet somehow market
music player navigation the phone comes
with a rom manager super user talk man a
lot tom so um yeah so that's basically
to judge the run-through of the wrong
everything works well works smooth so
I'm gonna leave a link in the
description on how to turn off the
security because HTC has got a security
is called s yeah when you boot into
hboot you're going to see s on so I'm
going to put a link in the tutorial on
how to turn that off but the problem is
I can't remember where I got
there are routine tutorial but you can
set as long as your s is switched off
the tutorial is going to walk that's
just the pain the S should be switched
off so once you do that there's no
problem searching and you get a fine so
yeah and also you can search for the
Romans everywhere and yeah so this is
900 for me signing out thanks for
watching please don't forget to rate a
subscribe thank you peace